The Artistic License 2.0

           Copyright (c) 2014 Cindy Wang

     Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
      of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.

Preamble

This license establishes the terms under which a given free software
Package may be copied, modified, distributed, and/or redistributed.
The intent is that the Copyright Holder maintains some artistic
control over the development of that Package while still keeping the
Package available as open source and free software.

You are always permitted to make arrangements wholly outside of this
license directly with the Copyright Holder of a given Package.  If the
terms of this license do not permit the full use that you propose to
make of the Package, you should contact the Copyright Holder and seek
a different licensing arrangement.

Definitions

    "Copyright Holder" means the individual(s) or organization(s)
    named in the copyright notice for the entire Package.

    "Contributor" means any party that has contributed code or other
    material to the Package, in accordance with the Copyright Holder's
    procedures.

    "You" and "your" means any person who would like to copy,
    distribute, or modify the Package.

    "Package" means the collection of files distributed by the
    Copyright Holder, and derivatives of that collection and/or of
    those files. A given Package may consist of either the Standard
    Version, or a Modified Version.

    "Distribute" means providing a copy of the Package or making it
    accessible to anyone else, or in the case of a company or
    organization, to others outside of your company or organization.

    "Distributor Fee" means any fee that you charge for Distributing
    this Package or providing support for this Package to another
    party.  It does not mean licensing fees.

    "Standard Version" refers to the Package if it has not been
    modified, or has been modified only in ways explicitly requested
    by the Copyright Holder.

    "Modified Version" means the Package, if it has been changed, and
    such changes were not explicitly requested by the Copyright
    Holder.

    "Original License" means this Artistic License as Distributed with
    the Standard Version of the Package, in its current version or as
    it may be modified by The Perl Foundation in the future.

    "Source" form means the source code, documentation source, and
    configuration files for the Package.

    "Compiled" form means the compiled bytecode, object code, binary,
    or any other form resulting from mechanical transformation or
    translation of the Source form.


Permission for Use and Modification Without Distribution

(1)  You are permitted to use the Standard Version and create and use
Modified Versions for any purpose without restriction, provided that
you do not Distribute the Modified Version.


Permissions for Redistribution of the Standard Version

(2)  You may Distribute verbatim copies of the Source form of the
Standard Version of this Package in any medium without restriction,
either gratis or for a Distributor Fee, provided that you duplicate
all of the original copyright notices and associated disclaimers.  At
your discretion, such verbatim copies may or may not include a
Compiled form of the Package.

(3)  You may apply any bug fixes, portability changes, and other
modifications made available from the Copyright Holder.  The resulting
Package will still be considered the Standard Version, and as such
will be subject to the Original License.


Distribution of Modified Versions of the Package as Source

(4)  You may Distribute your Modified Version as Source (either gratis
or for a Distributor Fee, and with or without a Compiled form of the
Modified Version) provided that you clearly document how it differs
from the Standard Version, including, but not limited to, documenting
any non-standard features, executables, or modules, and provided that
you do at least ONE of the following:

    (a)  make the Modified Version available to the Copyright Holder
    of the Standard Version, under the Original License, so that the
    Copyright Holder may include your modifications in the Standard
    Version.

    (b)  ensure that installation of your Modified Version does not
    prevent the user installing or running the Standard Version. In
    addition, the Modified Version must bear a name that is different
    from the name of the Standard Version.

    (c)  allow anyone who receives a copy of the Modified Version to
    make the Source form of the Modified Version available to others
    under

    (i)  the Original License or

    (ii)  a license that permits the licensee to freely copy,
    modify and redistribute the Modified Version using the same
    licensing terms that apply to the copy that the licensee
    received, and requires that the Source form of the Modified
    Version, and of any works derived from it, be made freely
    available in that license fees are prohibited but Distributor
    Fees are allowed.


Distribution of Compiled Forms of the Standard Version
or Modified Versions without the Source

(5)  You may Distribute Compiled forms of the Standard Version without
the Source, provided that you include complete instructions on how to
get the Source of the Standard Version.  Such instructions must be
valid at the time of your distribution.  If these instructions,